Have a nice morning out here
Brunn on the mountains in Lower Austria in
the industriestraße that sounds
worse than it is it's the new one
location of the construction area and tried ev
welcome you here for the first time today
from as I said Lower Austria and we
look at what günther thömmes
who has moved with his charming
From this blue warehouse diet
we have connected the whole thing with
a need it is now nine o'clock am
Tomorrow, and will you see if that?
a few participants have arrived
And what about our magician
Recipes today reveals a lot of fun one
chalkboard at the entrance device behind
this door is brewed beer
günther thömmes is not only there
brewmaster but also author of
historical novels like the 42nd
meanwhile all the equipment is from
the old lokation in the
industrial street moved and finds
now on a total of 400 square meters
his new home
due to the relocation are the inventories
a bit decimated beer of course
But you can also go to the
Opening times the beer dp magic
to buy
the four boxes in the 42nd
Of course, this is rarely the case
But we want that today with ours
change course
that's why there is no time now
lose and go on the custom course
in malt camp there against already stocks
of times and ready günther Thömmes
First of all, tell us something about it
the raw material times its characteristics for
the beer and the process of scare
in connection will never mill
and we are allowed to do some more
kilo stop myself before then
direction is a corpse
after some physical work
on our part in the early morning it turns
now malt his for one and a half hours
Round in the boiler and drives the individual
temperature is starting to break for us
a little bit of the theory of brewing too
dedicate
günther thömmes has every one for this
participant documents prepared the
this can take home with you
the knowledge gained in the future
to be able to refresh again
This passed one and a half hours
theory almost as if in flight for ours
lecturer has braunlage around the world
builds and builds always funny
anecdotes from his bearish life in
the lectures a theme but then the
theory too dry is also the
is helped and there are cost samples
All day long on the pier magicians too
taste
in the morning we start according to the time
with a ba re store in a cafe beer
from the magic world but also the beer
requires attention again because
in the meantime, the process has been completed
and the mash is now in the
lauter tun pumped over
and hardly has arrived in the lauter tun
this is how the valve can be opened
are derived and the mesh with
wonderfully sweetish scent fills the
sorcery
a first inspection of the wort
by means of beer spindle and showed
whopping 18 degrees plateau around this value
to lower back to normal
and also the yield of beer clearly
to increase is now skipped to this
Hot water is added to the lauter tun
given and final arrears from the
solved mash
After the ladder process is completed
is again physical work
asked on our part because it works
Tail the balls from the back
lauter tun to remove this carrier
serves as much food or came to
baking of tasty bread used
become
But now comes the time for the
Beer magic is known nationwide
the hops were given by our beer magician
lies in a corner of the hops
amount from the recipe he should be
remain secret
but we are allowed to nose
get stuck in the hops bucket before
the hops were professional
a spell in the sud pan
lands
the stolen cooked enough
the whirlpool process is used
this is the seasoning in one
offset rotational movement and that is
rupp sits down in a cone in the
middle of the boiler from the wort can so
be deducted and in the beetle
be led to the end
once again controlled the wort
12 8 degrees
just as the magician likes my
camera has also the yeast in the
beetle drives the bs now ready and we
finish the day with one
specialty with 13 hops from the
wizards that about four to five weeks
is the california payment built today
finished and can be enjoyed
this day ends for us, we say thank you
to Baumeister günther thömmes for this
wonderful day